a global economic collapse is certain
it's simply a matter of time it is of
course intentional to consolidate power
as wealth is built up by the masses it
is siphoned off and funneled towards the
globalists in anticipation of the
collapse many wealthy people have been
buying large amounts of land and homes
in particular destinations which are
regarded as safe let's look into some of
those now you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we will
look into this situation that many many
people have asked me about where do I go
to be safe I'm concerned for myself for
my family I want to know where do I have
to move should I move
and every area
has their own pros and cons their own
safe areas and unsafe areas
this is not a definitive list this is
not every detail about every location
this is just some points some areas that
have some benefits or negatives which I
will get into now so without further Ado
let's look at this
starting
with what I believe to be
probably the most safe
the one that continuously comes up in my
research
one that billionaires are constantly
buying up large amounts of land and
building these armored shelters massive
for themselves for the families and that
is
New Zealand New Zealand generally seems
to be one that the billionaires have
been flocking to that they've been
building these bases these bunkers
in this location
it is far enough away from most of the
world
and it does have its own ability to be
self-contained self-sufficient
it can produce what it needs on its own
that's a good thing in a very deep
crisis scenario now having said that
it's not
foolproof none of these places are
foolproof and remember that as I go
along here I'm not saying that you know
any of these are a bulletproof idea this
is just some things for myself to share
Australia being nearby obviously a big
partner with it
uh is has its benefits and negatives but
I definitely do see them as partners so
there isn't a concern in that regard
when we look
to the north
we see this area here and
unfortunately much of this area doesn't
seem to be as safe and I would generally
suggest that this area be off limits
there's good there's bad
but generally
the governments tend to be very unstable
as a whole
when you look to China definitely I
would argue against China
but something to a less agree when you
see the Singapore obviously having a
relatively strong currency growth
potential there
but it's in a region that generally I
would say is unsafe look at Japan look
at North Korea being in this area you
know that whether it's the disaster from
Fukushima poisoning the Earth and you
also have the problems of course with
the tensions that are in this area
whether it's the disputes over the South
China Sea Japan and China not looking
eye to eye on that you have North Korea
in that area as well
you have I believe it was The Economist
suggesting that the Pakistan India
border is the most dangerous in the
world leaving both of these nations off
limits you start to get into the Middle
East regions which are of course
quite frankly Bedlam total bedlam
leaving these nations
unacceptable as well
you have the issue with Africa massive
amounts of poverty there are other areas
of course which are
you know heavily filled with resources
but due to corruption due to everything
that has happened in these different
areas
they generally unfortunately become
regarded as unsafe
as a result of everything that's been
happening in Africa particularly North
Africa there has been the migrant flows
coming in through areas like Greece and
like Italy
this has been
causing some destabilization which also
leads to the areas of Europe becoming
dangerous as well there is though one
country that is generally regarded as
safe and that is a small one right smack
dab in the middle and that is
Switzerland Switzerland is a fortress
Switzerland despite its location has the
ability to be extremely strong both
economically it has very strong currency
it has the ability to withstand economic
crisis it is a stronghold so that would
be a potential refuge in the European
area
very important when we look to the north
we have Scandinavia which isn't without
its flaws but I would say that you know
Scandinavia generally is seen to be
safer than much of the rest of Europe
it has you know economically the
currencies the political aspects as well
generally you would have these as being
possibly the only options for Europe
that I would recommend Scandinavia
Switzerland that would be it when you
look to the east Russia I just I can't
recommend it although over the last
let's say 20 years definite growth
potential there there is a much more I
would say use the term Democratic almost
coming out of their inching slowly
towards that at this time you know I'm
not going to suggest it
let's move over to Iceland because I
believe that this is a country that
could potentially be
um working towards being much better in
the decades that follow we saw what
happened with the financial crisis and
everything after and that does give it
good potential I also see a regionally
geographically as being something that
is a good thing it's sort of away from
everybody uh and towards an area where I
would say is regarded as being safe in
terms of geography Canada is one of
those countries which can be seen as
safe or very unsafe when you look at the
heavily populated areas of Toronto
right here or you look at BC
these are potential problems in the
future major cities
overpopulated sprawling cities that just
go on and on
millions of people living in an area
sharing very few resources it is
dangerous but you look at the rest of it
and you look at an area that is
there's so much fresh water available in
Canada and that is such a critical
resource that makes it very valuable
they also have tons of other resources
in Canada which are very beneficial so
Canada is one of those that I would say
is has both as the unsafe has the safe
and they have resources that's key
that's very important but of course it's
along the border of the US which could
present the problem in the future at
some point if there's destabilization in
the U.S that will make its way through
the Border just as what could happen on
the Mexico and U.S border so you could
very well believe that California or
Texas or anything is safe but any sort
of problems will show themselves in a
Northern Direction
that's the concern United States has
different areas which I believe that
could be seen as safe a lot of areas
many have suggested areas in the north
whether that's you know Minnesota North
Dakota things like this
could be seen as safer areas
um before I I get a little
more into my explanation I wanted to
just break down the fact that I do
believe that Hawaii just like Canada
could be seen as safe and unsafe whether
you have you know these areas where
you have the military side obviously not
a good thing because they want to be in
between using it sort of as an outpost
to be in between
China Japan those type of areas where
you have uh you know that Pacific Ocean
in between they have a major military
base going on there Pearl Harbor you
know the story
that's a concern but then at the same
time you have a lot massive amounts of
land Mark Zuckerberg for example buying
in Kauai
um this is the type of
dual
sides to the whole thing and it presents
a problem presents obviously something
of an opportunity where you have
relatively cheap land available in an
area that is self-sufficient you can be
very self-sufficient in Hawaii so it's
got those both sides okay you looked at
the Caribbean where you have some areas
in the Caribbean which are good
um you do have a lot of natural
disasters hurricanes obviously forming
in the area which is
year after year presenting itself a
problem uh you also you see things like
the banking establishments which are
there which are present which are a good
thing in general bringing a little bit
of you know a good economy to these
places but there also is high poverty
and generally high crime in these
regions you have a big problem of drug
trade happening within uh Central and
South America so whether it is coming
from Colombia or other areas Nicaragua
and everything else you have uh
violence you have drugs a lot of this
coming through there but then you have
the example of Costa Rica Costa Rica is
seen as a place where you know they
don't have an army they have safety
seemingly
in this area geographically but it's
amongst others that are seen as being
unsafe
so it's a little hit and miss in there
but for those who sort of want that
living off grid living without the
government safety net Costa Rica is
something that is very good
then we move South to an country that is
some would consider to be the safest
in South America that is Chile
it is a country that
economically has done quite well
despite the the region that it's in and
it has uh you know weather-wise
tends to be very good
any area that is overpopulated like
Santiago could be a problem though of
course no different than the rest
this is one country that was recommended
years ago and I first heard about this
from Bob Chapman
um many of you may know Bob Chapman I
spoke to Bob Chapman actually a very
nice individual
is no longer with us but anyway
suggested Chile as being one of those
and I believe he also suggested Uruguay
I believe it was Uruguay and not
Paraguay and uh although I personally
don't know too much about Uruguay and
generally South America obviously being
a region that is
it has a long way to go I do believe but
if you're looking into this region uh it
has its benefits because of uh with the
Fukushima disaster and everything being
a lot better so it's sitting in the
southern hemisphere positions it well so
like I said every region has its own
benefits has its own negatives and we
need to look at that we need to address
all of that I haven't covered everything
I probably rant it too much but I hope
we do appreciate that understand that
these regions are
what I would say is
beneficial for some things like
it's geography when you look at an area
like New Zealand perhaps you would
suggest like Hawaii or Iceland it's
isolated areas that may be good for what
you believe and you want to have
stability in your life that's what
everyone seeks to have so areas like
this you want to
be able to have that but at the same
time
maybe you have other
you know other things other priorities
you know people can't just pick up and
go I can't just decide okay well I'm
gonna live in New Zealand tomorrow how
long can you live there you know you
countries have visas that you have to
get and they are a limited amount of
time travel restrictions there's all
kinds of problems
but in practically every country that we
live in there are safer areas and the
point that I want to make is you could
live
let's take
New York for example if you're living in
Manhattan you're in the areas which are
risky which are dangerous if you live in
Toronto and Vancouver and San Francisco
and L.A and anything
you live in areas where there are once
again too many people too many resources
the globe the Earth doesn't have that
problem because you can grow your own
food you can produce enough food for
yourself for your family
you can take care of that
but you need to have land you need a
little bit of land
and those areas are available you know
you drive
maybe even as little as an hour outside
of the major cities most major cities
and you have areas that I would say are
safe relatively safe there's not much
people around people have their their
own land they are safe they don't want
to deal with
all of the nuisances and headaches of
these major cities they're would seem to
be safer and then you have the ability
to be self-sufficient you can have your
own solar panels you can have your own
garden you can grow your own cattle or
have your own chickens and everything
else you can have that so what I'm
trying to say is that you can get to a
region in the region near you now or
somewhere else that you desire and it
doesn't have to be all the way in New
Zealand or Switzerland or Iceland
or Northern Canada you don't have to do
that you can get more safety than where
you are if you're in the big Metropolis
moving to a region which I would say is
safe or safer now
if you found this video informative then
please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found the
video informative you'll find my other
work even more informative because you
can check out everything for free I have
a free e-course
I've got free ebooks and countless
videos over a thousand videos available
on YouTube you could check all of that
out at the moneygps.com